this situation is ridiculous mr. Wagner
and I'm holding off the bureau from
launching an inquiry I'm posting a
deputy at the house it's more for your
own protection I wish I could explain
these is more than accidents but I can't
think of a motive I can't imagine how
anyone could have gotten away with this
we'll get to the bottom of it just
consider this house on lockdown until
something comes up it wasn't a pretty
sight
heads sawn in half blood everywhere
these freak accidents were keeping me up
at night four deaths in four months all
apparent accidents I still had no clear
suspects no motives no way to even start
an investigation at this point I was
only sure about one thing it was not
going down to here
another month went by but we got the
call to come back to the house this time
it was different this time
you